1. I think this current system is not adequate. Because of the fact that law lags behind technology, there are often limited ways 
to penalize hosts who do not properly register their properties. There may be in the future, as the laws catch up, but as of right now
the consequences might be too lax. Plus, the government only really gets involved if someone flags an issue- otherwise
they just let the system do its thing. I think allocating more funding to human investigators to ensure hosts are properly registering
all of their information, and ensuring they are fined if they don't, would drastically improve this system.


2. I think the most important factor in the legality of web scraping is the legal status of the content being scraped. If none of the content
being scraped is copyrighted, and it's all in the public domain, there are very few legal avenues to shut down web scraping. But, it's obviously 
very difficult to know when copyrighted content is being scraped. So, I think web scraping should be a regulated practice, 
and people who want to do web scraping should be properly licensed or authorised so they know not to scrape copyrighted content,
and they know the consequences if they do. Maybe the Federal Communications Commission in the US could have an office for issuing web scraping
licenses. Then again, many would argue that such a system would be government overreach, and would amount to censoring. So there's really no perfect
answer to this question, I believe.

3. First, all data scraped must be on the surface web, and not be password-protected in any way. This is 
probably the best way to ensure personal data like usernames, incomes, etc, are not scraped, or at least reduced
from scraping. That way, data published on fully public, open-domain websites is able to be scraped,
but personal medical records and education transcripts cannot be. Second, there must be a clear and articulable 
reason why the data is being collected. It is obviously harmful to arbitrarily collect personal data, even if it is 
public. So, anyone who is web scraping must be able to transparently explain what they plan
to do with the data and how it will benefit their business.